hey this is Josh cohere we're inside
Haiti for the Billabong Pro and this is
my humble abode I'm gonna show you
around a bit and come check it out okay
over here
we're lucky enough to have the
chiropractic team Chris Prosser
travelling tour Cairo and super caddie
of Julian Wilson Jarrett House xwc T
warlord and and yeah we're lucky enough
to have the car here so we've got people
rotating in and out of the surface
coming over to to get Chris to work on
them and that and lucky enough he's
staying with us so we're Oh our bodies
always straight ok and here is our
living room where a lot of just general
banter gets talked about in here a lot
of like crushing issues of the world and
political matters etc and it's pretty
simple
we got coyote he's staying with us here
and all the boards and everything yeah
we've got some Wi-Fi so instagrams
pretty popular and I've got a very basic
bathroom in here shower toilet wash your
hands anything you need
it's bad it any place you can get away
counter and then that's that downstairs
it's quite simple we got Chris that
sleeps down here and then we're going to
go up the stairs or the aka ladder as we
call it it's not the easiest thing you
want to be careful coming up here
there's been a fair few people that have
fallen through some of these stairs at
some point some stories oh yeah by the
way kaya down there he's the president
of the place he's the longest existing
member so he's yeah whatever he says
goes this is my room got my bed over
here computer inside I'm learning
Spanish at the moment on rosetta stone
so just sitting this net and that's
about you know
you keep away from mosquitoes and bugs
which is pretty hard to do it around
here it's only place you can get away
from them is where my trainer Katie
super coach Brian Batista sleeps and
we've got a interesting door over here
it actually leads to nowhere there's
actually nothing out there to go to it's
a door to nowhere which is pretty
interesting it doesn't happen very often
there's some nice view of the mountains
from our room we at the mountain view
suite and we come over here to the ocean
suite where coyote and Nathan Webster
are sleeping this is quite as the
president's suite right here close room
yeah like I said longest member of this
house he's the reigning some body board
chicks on the wall I don't know whatever
they're there for some reason and this
is the best part of the house our big
balcony it's probably the only place on
the point in Teahupoo that you can
actually watch the waves from like a
higher vantage point and you know get a
good feel for what it's doing that day
everywhere else because the waves so
below sea level you can't actually even
see what it's doing but up here we know
what's going on so we're kind of first
to know here we've got pretty lucky with
this place not a bad place to check out
the Sun sets at night Sun to over the
water and and just chill out and relax
when it's not raining good a bit of rain
today which is a bummer but yeah still a
good place at hand I know in the
afternoon we play so we got a huge yard
to throw the footy around and and stuff
like that
and that's pretty much it this is a this
is that life in Tahiti